hello today starts
new project which is called this
cult of what french means culture
dress Elena please tell me
the essence of this project the essence of this
project is to bring
up to modern man
professional image information
style and fashion as the great chanel said
no ugly women there is a woman not
able to dress the same I would
said about all the people then there is no
ugly people with people who ca n't
dress up and our mission in this project
teach this professional
craftsmanship in what will be discussed
today's program
Our program today will cover the topic.
the image and style of a modern man and
so let's start
what can be offered to men for the summer
for summer men are offered very
wide range and if it is a business
tilt remains the favorite not
classic costume but used
shirt without ties and
mandatory summer fabrics and
summer types of fabric is flax blended
silk steel fabrics and that which
are hygroscopic as regards
this image is here represented
more creative dynamic and youth
option
and this is reflected in the shirt color
rolled up
dynamic denim pants about and this
kind of can apply a man who
connected with creative and communicative
species
professions and can also be used in
informal setting
clothes for the summer season are very
diverse to be seen in this
manner of refinement and high cost of this
the set is honorable not only spectacular
color combination but also shock texture
sex
such a kit can afford
young man in the creativity field
activities that I want to emphasize
your personality and your skill
combine complex colors in one set
many men want to wear white in the summer
pants but do not know what to
follow these kits with us
presented in nautical style
his style factors are
horizontal bar and combination
colors white and blue and red sooo
spectacular in this set with games
white pants is a prerogative of summer is very
good to use their names in the sea
style
used not only for marine
traveling but we also over
urban informal setting white
blocks can also be worn with a contrast
shirt depending on your color type
and it is recommended not to wear white pants
very dark shoes
and the last summer look include yourself
white shirt
yes this is a chic kit that consists
from white fitted shirt and
summer pants because the advantage is
elegant fabric whose composition is Lena
silk is luxury clothing and
designed for summer
hanging out outside the office of course and
carries such a very pronounced
sexy off target
plus it can be used for summer
party for an informal setting
because men should not only work
I also managed to take a rest and notice that
socks are missing in this image
quite right very subtly noted
question because man is not always in
aware of how to wear socks with what you can with what
and what socks I want
comment on this image
it is not designed to work with
here summer moccasins and of course you can
use it on bare foot that
As for the other options, then the business
the suit is worn with socks around and around
and it is desirable that the socks were either in tone
shoes either to match informal trousers
in the summertime we are always
use summer shoes from not
wearing socks is strictly forbidden
these shoes like flip-flops or summer
moccasins involves wearing wet
leg is very important because it is
nuances create stiga
he